Your Majesty,
What happened to the consort?
Someone just reported
that after Consort Rong visited the Zhongcui Palace,
the consort started speaking incoherently. Is Consort Rong alright?
Biyuan said that Consort Rong has been in high spirits
since returning from Zhongcui Palace.
Effective immediately, the consort is to be imprisoned in the Cold Palace
as a form of punishment.
I obey the decree. Wait a moment.
The imperial decree arrives.
By the mandate of Heaven, the Emperor decrees:
Consort Rong, Su Shi, is of noble character and virtue.
She is accomplished and virtuous.
She has contributed greatly to the dynasty.
A reward of ten thousand taels of gold
and silver of equal value,
as well as ten chests of jewels,
and a thousand pieces of silk and fine food,
with the Emperor's approval and this decree.
Consort, receive the decree.
Oh.
This servant receives the decree.
Long live the Emperor! Long live, long live!
Consort, you are truly fortunate.
Master Li, why such sudden news?
What is this about?
The Emperor values the consort greatly.
The Emperor has spoken.
Tonight, the Emperor will dine here.
Master Li, Master Li!
Consort, prepare well.
I will take my leave first.
Your Majesty, it's not good.
The consort, in the Cold Palace, has refused to suffer humiliation.
She has hanged herself.